docs(consolidation): add migration notice (#983)
JellyfishSDK/whale: README.md

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/JellyfishSDK/whale/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=kBCC9qSRrA)](https://codecov.io/gh/JellyfishSDK/whale)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@defichain/whale-api-client)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@defichain/whale-api-client)

> ## Following the migration path outline in [jellyfish#580](https://github.com/JellyfishSDK/jellyfish/issues/580), this repository being consolidated into [JellyfishSDK/jellyfish/apps/whale-api](https://github.com/JellyfishSDK/jellyfish/tree/main/apps/whale-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Following the migration path outlined in [jellyfish#580](https://github.com/JellyfishSDK/jellyfish/issues/580), this repository will be consolidated into [JellyfishSDK/jellyfish/apps/whale-api](https://github.com/JellyfishSDK/jellyfish/tree/main/apps/whale-api).
```

The docker artifact will be renamed

> to [ghcr.io/jellyfishsdk/whale-api](https://github.com/JellyfishSDK/jellyfish/pkgs/container/whale-api). The npm
> packages published versions will be bumped to follow jellyfish release cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to [ghcr.io/jellyfishsdk/whale-api](https://github.com/JellyfishSDK/jellyfish/pkgs/container/whale-api). The versions
of the published npm packages will be bumped to follow jellyfish's release cycle.
```
